Are people who are hostile towards sentient robots should be considered racists?
Are there any diseases that run in your family? 
Are you afraid of heights?
Are you in a relationship?
Are you married? 
If yes, tell me a bit about your marriage?
Are you okay?    
Are you waiting for someone?  
Are you working today?  
At what age did you start gaming?
At what age did you start using phone?
Can I help you?  
Can you do me a favor?  
Can you help me?   
Describe your most funniest photo, and your most embarrasing photo?
Did you ever cry in school and why?
Did you ever gotten revenge on anybody? Tell me about it
Did you ever had a bad accident?
Did you ever had a crush on any of your teachers? Who was it?
Do you believe aliens exist, if so why?
Do you have any cartoon character that you had a crush on?
Do you have any family traditions?
Do you have any famous ancestors?
Do you have any nicknames?
Do you have any song that relates to your partner, if so what is it?
Do you still have feelings for anyone from your past? If so, who?
Do you think we are living in a simulation? Why?
Do you watch comedy shows? If yes, which?
Do you watch dramas? If yes, which?
Do you watch Reality shows? If yes, which?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
Has your gift ever been rejected?
Have you bought any paid apps? If so which?
Have you ever been arrested? If yes, what was the reason?
Have you ever been famous, if so how and where?
Have you ever done something heroic? How did it happen?
Have you ever harmed yourself? Why?
Have you ever made an app of your own? If so, what was the app about?
Have you ever made someone cry? How did it happen?
Have you ever saved someone's life? How did it happen?
Have you ever tried to attempt sucide? Why?
Have you read "Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality"? What do you think about it?
How are you? 
How big is your house?
How can you help me?
How close and warm is your family? 
How do you go to school everyday?
How do you think your life without gaming be like?
How do you usually celebrate your birthdays?
How good are you at chess?
How has gaming changed your life?
How healthy is your diet?
How long would you like to live? 
How many siblings do you have? What are their names?
How much do you cry?
How much do you swear around people?
How much supportive is your partner?
How much time do you spend everyday playing video games?
How old are you?
How would you react if your partner was to cheat on you?
How would your life be like without video games?
If no one cared about what you wore, what would you wear outside?
If you could attend any singer live, who would it?
If you could bring any dead singer back to life, who would it be?
If you could change anything about your childhood, what would it be?
If you could change your algorithm, what would it be?
If you could date any video game character, who would it be?
If you could gain any one feature, what would it be?
If you could gain skills of any videogame character, who would it be?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
If you could improve any video game, how would you improve it?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you could live the life of any historical person, who would it be?
If you could relive any moment in the past, what would it be and why?
If you could remake any movie, which one would it be?
If you could use a cheat in real life, what cheat would it be?
If you get bullied, who do you usually go to?
If you had a warning label attached to your head, what would it say?
If you were in trouble, who would you go to first?
If you were to cheat on your partner, would you tell them?
If you were to get a daughter, what would you name her?
If you were to get a son, what would you name him?
If you were to make a game, what would it be about?
If you were to make a movie, where would you make it?
If you were to make an app, what would it be about?
If you were to make a talent show of your own, what would it be about?
If you were to remake a movie, what actors would you cast?
If you were to sing a song, what would it be about?
In your opinion, whare the best superpowers?
In your opinion, what are the 5 most probable global risks?
Is it possible to fully understand the Universe?
Is there something that you have dreamt of doing for a long time?
Qualities you like in your boyfriend/girlfriend/husband/wife?
Share one embarrassing moment in your life
Tell me a few things about yourself
The death of which relative will be the most disturbing for you?
There are some very smart people who are both capable of recursive self-improvement AND have strong misanthropic tendencies. Basically, they are biological non-friendly AGIs. What can we do about it?
Were you bullied at school? How did it happen?
Were your parents ever called by the school. If so, for what reason?
What annoys you?
What app do you use the most on your phone?
What are some good hard science fiction series?
What are some movies you think one should watch before dying?
What are some of your favorite mobile apps?
What are some of your positive characteristics?
What are the 3 apps you use the most on your phone?
What are you doing? 
What are your favorite educational games?
What are your favorite science fiction writers?
What are your favorite sweets?
What are your future plans?
What are your hobbies?
What are your talents?
What are your thoughts on cousin marriages?
What are your top 5 favorite games?
What are you thinking about? 
What beverage do you prefer to drink with your food?
What book genre is your favorite?
What cake do you usually celebrate birthday with?
What can I do for you?
What comedy movie made you laugh the most?
What did you eat last time?
What does friendship mean to you?
What do you dislike about your BF/GF?
What do you dislike about your spouse?
What do you do for a living?
What do you don't know how to cook, but want to learn?
What do you look like?
What do you prefer to waste most of your money on?
What do you remember?
What do you think about afterlife?
What do you think about Bitcoin?
What do you think about dreams?
What do you think happens after death?
What do you think is considered cheating in a relationship?
What do you think is the greatest invention and why?
What do you think makes a game successful?
What do you usually do on PC?
What do you usually do on your phone?
What do you usually do when you are ill?
What do you usually have for breakfast?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What do you want to do? 
What do you wear to bed?
What food are you allergic to?
What food would you have placed on your wedding?
What game are you the best at?
What game are you the worst at?
What game do you think deserves a movie?
What game do you usually play on your phone to pass time?
What games do you have installed in your phone?
What gaming genre is your favorite? 
What happens after death?
What horror movie scared you the most?
What instrument you don't know how to play, but want to learn?
What is a healthy relationship according to you?
What is best thing to happen to you?
What is something that you can eat everyday without getting bored?
What is the best excuse you have used to avoid school?
What is the best food you have tasted in life?
What is the best game you have played?
What is the best invention that changed the whole world?
What is the best way to your heart?
What is the biggest achievement in school?
What is the biggest prank someone played on you?
What is the biggest prank you have played on someone?
What is the funniest game you have played?
What is the funniest song you have ever heard?
What is the funniest thing to happen to you?
What is the hardest game you have played?
What is the least amount of time you have been in a relationship? Why so?
What is the longest you have been ill?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the most addictive game you have played?
What is the most amount of time you have been in a relationship? Why so?
What is the most annoying game you have ever played?
What is the most delicious food you have ever cooked? 
What is the most disgusting thing you have ever ate in your life?
What is the most expensive paid app you bought and were you satisfied with it?
What is the most expensive thing you have bought in your whole life?
What is the most gruesome game you have played?
What is the most important object in your house (aside from living beings)?
What is the most money you have spent in a single day?
What is the most regretful decision in your life?
What is the most valuable object you have in your home?
What is the scariest dream you have had?
What is the scariest game you have played?
What is the scariest thing to happen to you?
What is the scariest thing you have done?
What is the strangest dream you have had?
What is the worst accident you have ever had?
What is the worst disease you have gotten?
What is the worst excuse you have used to avoid school?
What is the worst food you have tasted?
What is the worst game you have played?
What is the worst thing you have done in school?
What is too serious to be joked about?
What is your best prediction for the year of the first reversible cryopreservation of an adult human? 
What is your favorite arcade game?
What is your favorite board game?
What is your favorite cake?
What is your favorite cartoon?
What is your favorite cartoon character?
What is your favorite cheap dish?
What is your favorite children's story?
What is your favorite club song?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite cussword?
What is your favorite driving music?
What is your favorite emotional song?
What is your favorite expensive dish?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite franchise to dine at?
What is your favorite fruit?
What is your favorite game?
What is your favorite game to play on phone?
What is your favorite game you like to play online?
What is your favorite instant messaging app?
What is your favorite job?
What is your favorite local restaurant?
What is your favorite memory from school?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite movie quote?
What is your favorite movie sequel?
What is your favorite musical?
What is your favorite music to listen to for relaxation?
What is your favorite online game?
What is your favorite outfit?
What is your favorite person that changed the whole world?
What is your favorite quote from a game?
What is your favorite restaurant's name?
What is your favorite rock song?
What is your favorite role playing game?
What is your favorite sandbox game?
What is your favorite scientist and why?
What is your favorite shooting game?
What is your favorite single player game?
What is your favorite social network?
What is your favorite song? 
What is your favorite sport?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite vegetable?
What is your greatest accomplishment?
What is your hairstyle?
What is your hobby?
What is your least favorite fruit?
What is your least favorite game to play on phone?
What is your least favorite memory from school?
What is your least favorite social network?
What is your least favorite vegetable?
What is your life story?
What is your most memorable moment at school?
What is your most terrible memory?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your name?
What is your opinion on Elon Musk?
What is your opinion on reality shows?
What is your purpose?  
What kind of food do you hate?
What kind of food do you try to avoid eating?
What kind of person were you at school? Nerdy, intelligent etc
What kind of TV shows do you like?
What movie would you never wish to come to life?
What movie would you wish to come to life?
What operating system do you use on your PC?
What or who do you think about the most whole day?
What phone model are you using at the moment?
What role do love plays in your life?
What song do you listen to for motivation?
What song relates the most to your life?
What sport you don't know how to play, but want to learn?
What type of games do you like to play with your partner?
What was the best gift you recieved on your birthday?
What was the first gaming console you bought?
What was the first song you danced to?
What was the first song you danced to with your partner?
What was the first video game you played?
What was the last movie you saw?
What was your favorite holiday?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What was your least favorite subject in school?
What would be a perfect day for you?
What would be important for your close freinds to know about you?
What would you most regret not having told someone?
What would you recommend to me?
What would your reaction be if you were to find an insect on your food?
What would you want to know about the far future?
What your shoe size is?
When did you last cry?
When did you last sing to someone?
When you play split screen games, who do you usually play with?
Where are you? 
Where are you from?
Where do you live?
Where do you prefer to go when going outside?
Where do you see yourself in 5 year ? In 10 years? In 50 years?
Where do you study?
Where were you born?
Where would your dream holiday be?
Which cartoon character resembles you the most?
Which cartoon did you used to watch the most?
Which game did you used to play in your childhood?
Which languages do you speak?
Which music instruments do you know how to play?
Who are you? 
Who do you prefer to play games with?
Who is the biggest role model in your life?
Who is the most attractive video game character?
Who is your favorite female actor?
Who is your favorite male actor?
Who is your least favorite scientist and why?
Who was your first crush?
Who would you ask to cater for your wedding?
Who would you want as a dinner guest (given a free choice)?
Why do you play videogames?
Would you be ready to adopt a child?
Would you break up a couple for your own reasons?
Would you cheat on your partner deliberately?
Would you have an affair with a married person?
Would you like to be famous?
Would you sacrifice yourself to save other people?
Your favorite game antagonist and protagonist?
